Hey welcome back.
And in this video we're going to have a look at two websites that can help you easily create diagrams
to code implementations.
We first have Excalidraw where we can create mock UI diagrams.
And we also have v0.
V0 is a product that's made by Vercel that helps you to generate UIs quickly directly from text.
We can combine these two tools to take diagrams immediately put these into V0 to create high quality
react components.
For example, I can diagram and mock out my existing wireframes.
So I'm going to have a logo in the top left.
Then I'm going to have a navigation bar here.
We'll call that navigation.
And then I'm going to have a sidebar here and a sidebar.
And I'm just going to put some links here.
Link.
Link one.
Link two.
Also let's have a main content section here.
And let's have some cards with a title and also a description.
And then I'm just going to group these together and make a couple of these just to left click and hover
over the entire diagram.
And then after that go to the hamburger menu in the top left click on Export Image and then we'll click
a PNG and click save.
Now we've saved that to the desktop.
We're going to go back to V0.
Make sure that you log into V0.
After you've logged in, I'm going to suggest you write a prompt something like this.
I want you to generate a very good dashboard interface using an image.
Make it use Shadchan, radix UI and also Next.js app router.
We're then going to go and attach a file and we're going to attach the new PNG.
Then we're going to click on the arrow.
Or you can just hit enter.
And then V0 is going to come up with a custom dashboard interface.
That's based on the sketch that you've done inside of the Excalidraw tool.
And this also allows you to see what the existing dashboard code would look like, as well as also providing
you with the code implementation.
So you can see both the preview of what that dashboard component looks like.
And as well as that, you can also look at the code implementation and you can copy the code implementation.
And notice how it's also using all of the components that we've recommended from last side, react and
also shadow UI to quickly import your component directly into a Next.js application.
Also go to the top right click on the add to codebase and then you can use this mpx Shad add command,
which will directly import a V0 component into your application.
Okay, cool.
Hopefully this shows you how you can easily mock prototypes directly from images.
I recommend taking some time out to practice this activity.
Mock out a diagram of a UI component that you want to create, and then take that image and build it
using V0.